"-- YOUTUBE --"
## NERDS AND STUDY
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYCO3Kifwg56zhus3XXiAVg  # jay skullz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcaTUtGzOiS4cqrgtcsHYWg  # jvscholz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZPiKkoVos_ggN-CSL50aGQ  # tokisuno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-qxCnL1D6l4OKgouU4VT8w  # WooJin Cho
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC84whx2xxsiA1gXHXXqKGOA  # Abao in Tokyo

#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUyDOdBWhC1MCxEjC46d-zw  # Alex Horomozi

#LINUX
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA  # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmcAOvuROtj8NRumczd_E5Q  # Moku Ken
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH1fdR2D6aQxBf7M7AMm4Xw  # MONOCHROME 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiyV_Ib77XLpzHPQH_q0qQ  # Veronica Explains
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA  # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ  # Chris Titus Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw  # Bugswriter

## FITNESS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsTneU5JrxznNgzAfIO2ZDA  # KnuckleHead Warrior
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUId5WFnN82GdDy7DgaQ7w  # Better Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-JR8ZaTOCOGr1kOv9rfrmg  # IncognitoCEO

## Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpxyLfVA6KauTZTFPC21udA  # stuff hai
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaCG7kHt515g73gjM77i6Xw  # Quality culture

## Entertainment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLNtx_DODvoa7D_M1ViFUDw  # Nathaniel Abbott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrx2zrPjhGRi9TwszZiLwEg  # Horses
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv-yBl7PJCB-aBXMmdJ_kpg  # Justin Joseph
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2k9sXJDK0htiq6yceWX02Q  # Jamwhy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD1XSoTCH-mDvKGMWxm1AUA  # oareyou
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4QZ_LsYcvcq7qOsOhpAX4A  # ColdFusion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz4a7agVFr1TxU-mpAP8hkw  # Soch By Mohak
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCATmVnURdQtktMmGjHzwYiw  # Vedant Rusty
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX2IOB5QecICpfcb1GKHM_Q  # Gaurav Katare
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzomcbJruaL2-BXkqI-v6PA  # FING Extra

## PHYLOSOPHY
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_hukbByJP7OZ3Xm2tszacQ  # Jeffrey Kaplan 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQlb-d65WXc74ni08kHZR1g  # CA NEHA DATTA

## SCIENCE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA  # Veritasium

"-- PODCAST --"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHOKvQW2N4kLVhKYn2bvF7A  # Prakhar ke Pravachan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgpGhNzEza5BQh_5rks0rOA  # PG Plus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzwCEE_PchiBULMnAJqhGVg  # Raj Shamani
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWsslCoN3b_wBaFVWK_ye_A  # Hamza Ahmed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHW4DMIaBmTGGGPmbmr-Dsg  # Hamza unfilter
